Painting is a form of fine art enjoyed worldwide. It can be created using many mediums like oil paint, acrylic, watercolors, poster colors, etc. Watercolor paintings are one of the most common styles of painting, with good reason.

oil painting:-
Oil painting is a type of painting produced using oil-based paints. Oil painting involves using pigments that use a medium of drying oil as the binder and painting with them on a canvas. The most common types of oil in oil paints are linseed oil, walnut oil, poppy seed oil, and safflower oil.

glass painting:-
Glass art refers to individual works of art that are substantially or wholly made of glass. It ranges in size from monumental works and installation pieces to wall hangings and windows, to works of art made in studios and factories, including glass jewelry and tableware.

mordern Art:-
Modern art is the creative world's response to the rationalist practices and perspectives of the new lives and ideas provided by the technological advances of the industrial age that caused contemporary society to manifest itself in new ways compared to the past.

phad painting:-
Phad painting or Phad is a style religious scroll painting and folk painting, practiced in Rajasthan state of India. This style of painting is traditionally done on a long piece of cloth or canvas, known as phad. The narratives of the folk deities of Rajasthan, mostly of Pabuji and Devnarayan are depicted on the phads.

Acrylic Painting:-
Acrylic paint is a fast-drying paint made of pigment suspended in acrylic polymer emulsion and plasticizers, silicone oils, defoamers, stabilizers, or metal soaps. Most acrylic paints are water-based, but become water-resistant when dry.

Ink wash Painting:-
Ink wash painting uses tonality and shading achieved by varying the ink density, both by differential grinding of the ink stick in water and by varying the ink load and pressure within a single brushstroke. Ink wash painting artists spend years practicing basic brush strokes to refine their brush movement and ink flow.

Encusis:-
a paint made from pigment mixed with melted beeswax and resin and after application fixed by heat also

Warli:-
Warli painting is a form of tribal art mostly created by the tribal people from the North Sahyadri Range in Maharashtra, India. This range encompasses cities such as Dahanu, Talasari, Jawhar, Palghar, Mokhada, and Vikramgad of Palghar district.
 
abstract smoke art:-
Abstract art is art that does not attempt to represent an accurate depiction of a visual reality but instead use shapes, colours, forms and gestural marks to achieve its effect.